how are people this video is the
Last day to vote in the contest
then I command mind in the brothers
if you can vote
the link is down here is very easy and
I need a certain amount of votes
to get to that place is the fourth well
that if you support me again and in this video
half to lincoln would screen this
video and we'll try a topic here it's done
a few months with I was in bed with my
Paw and pray a detail debate a topic
that we talked about anyway
Popes or what more girls in this blog
life is for girls and the theme of
videoblog is kind of plates in a
nightclub that I treat 28 payroll and
Welcome to the blog today
[Music]
in this summer 66 to the whole world
in dimension and when they serve in girls to
men do not like me at all easy
like to work celebrates medication with
weather
lie
and now the drunk one more day
I do not know there is a good mother
girls there is nothing worse than a skinny
made garbage thrown around when
perform by men
yes
and now let's give on the
quiet training
tomás
at the same time you mean if some discs
of meat seems sitting down
quiet without doing anything nightclubs for
dance have fun you know how they are
nightclubs and if they go to the nightclub
go dance people
I do not know why
now let's go on running to that
girl that only and
[Music]
so let's go
ah
the girl is the worst thing she can do more
I joined the worst is skinny the one
I would only go back and continue like this has been
because they can make you a man where
are dedicated to kicks you've never
insulted is the worst
but the intimidating skinny
but nevertheless
now you have a drink
does not want to fail
today from soria it is already difficult for a man
tell him not a skinny to dance us
we go to these women and they treat the
men because always past the urban
in general your family because at least it is
because it is a rule 12,000 things that the
women are in the end about paid
ducks that's why they dance in those
things
I told you if I even
and shouts a disc of friends that is
helping more if no more attention comes
in favor of Peruvians
do not forget to find on facebook and
on twitter all down here in my stockings
I wanted this one a few months ago
finished and skills I did not go back to
many people and now what is it that
attended more people
is for you and thanks to all
subscribers to all the people who
facebook twitter truth thank you very much
through this channel
today they have an excellent
week and you already know vote for me if it is that
Earn money so the plans I'll
then put a blog and thank you for seeing
said planet we see all the
Friday this is a solution so we
we see every Friday on this channel
the truth forget me if you want to send
this link on facebook and twitter where
sean high five on your porn page
when you want other legs I do not
bothered you can send it
in my books help me help me